Update README.md small tweaks (#4)
viam-labs/agilex: README.md

# [`agilex-limo` module](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/agilex-limo)

> This module implements the ["rdk:component:base" API](https://docs.viam.com/components/base/#api) in an `agilex` model for the [AgileX LIMO](https://global.agilex.ai/education/4) base to be used with [`viam-server`](https://docs.viam.com/). This driver supports differential, ackermann, and omni directional steering modes over the serial port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module implements the [`rdk:component:base` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/base/#api) in an `agilex` model for the [AgileX LIMO](https://global.agilex.ai/education/4) base to be used with [`viam-server`](https://docs.viam.com/). This driver supports differential, ackermann, and omni directional steering modes over the serial port.
```
Was including quotes intentional?

Author: No, I think it's meant to be code 😆 ty!!

> [!NOTE]
> For more information, see [Modular Resources](https://docs.viam.com/registry/#modular-resources).

## Configure your `agilex-limo` base

> [!NOTE]  

> > Before configuring your base, you must [create a machine](https://docs.viam.com/manage/fleet/robots/#add-a-new-robot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before configuring your base, you must [create a machine](https://docs.viam.com/fleet/machines/#add-a-new-machine).
```

> Navigate to the **Config** tab of your robot’s page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/). Click on the **Components** subtab and click **Create component**. Select the `base` type, then search for and select the `agilex-limo` model. Enter a name for your base and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the **Config** tab of your machine's page in [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/). Click on the **Components** subtab and click **Create component**. Select the `base` type, then search for and select the `agilex-limo` model. Enter a name for your base and click **Create**.
```

Not sure if you'd like to use machine here since above we tell them to create a machine and not a robot

Author: Just missed this!

```

> [!NOTE]  

> > For more information, see [Configure a Machine](https://docs.viam.com/manage/configuration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information, see [Configure a Machine](https://docs.viam.com/build/configure/).
```

Current link redirects to `/build/configure`, but it still is functional regardless!

}
```

## Next steps

> - To test your base, go to the [**Control** tab](https://docs.viam.com/manage/fleet/robots/#control).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To test your base, go to the [**Control** tab](https://docs.viam.com/fleet/machines/#control).
```
